Variable - Description

policy_id- Unique identifier of the policyholder
policy_tenure- Time period of the policy
age_of_car- Normalized age of the car in years
age_of_policyholder- Normalized age of policyholder in years
area_cluster- Area cluster of the policyholder
population density- Population density of the city (Policyholder City)
make- Encoded Manufacturer/company of the car
segment- Segment of the car (A/ B1/ B2/ C1/ C2)
model- Encoded name of the car
fuel_type- Type of fuel used by the car
max_torque- Maximum Torque generated by the car (Nm@rpm)
max_power- Maximum Power generated by the car (bhp@rpm)
engine_type- Type of engine used in the car
airbags- Number of airbags installed in the car
is_esc- Boolean flag indicating whether Electronic Stability Control (ESC) is present in the car or not.
is_adjustable_steering- Boolean flag indicating whether the steering wheel of the car is adjustable or not.
is_tpms- Boolean flag indicating whether Tyre Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) is present in the car or not.
is_parking_sensors- Boolean flag indicating whether parking sensors are present in the car or not.
is_parking_camera- Boolean flag indicating whether the parking camera is present in the car or not.
rear_brakes_type- Type of brakes used in the rear of the car
displacement- Engine displacement of the car (cc)
cylinder- Number of cylinders present in the engine of the car
transmission_type- Transmission type of the car
gear_box- Number of gears in the car
steering_type- Type of the power steering present in the car
turning_radius- The space a vehicle needs to make a certain turn (Meters)
length- Length of the car (Millimetre)
width- Width of the car (Millimetre)
height- Height of the car (Millimetre)
gross_weight- The maximum allowable weight of the fully-loaded car, including passengers, cargo and equipment (Kg)
is_front_fog_lights- Boolean flag indicating whether front fog lights are available in the car or not.
is_rear_window_wiper- Boolean flag indicating whether the rear window wiper is available in the car or not.
is_rear_window_washer- Boolean flag indicating whether the rear window washer is available in the car or not.
is_rear_window_defogger- Boolean flag indicating whether rear window defogger is available in the car or not.
is_brake_assist- Boolean flag indicating whether the brake assistance feature is available in the car or not.
is_power_door_lock- Boolean flag indicating whether a power door lock is available in the car or not.
is_central_locking- Boolean flag indicating whether the central locking feature is available in the car or not.
is_power_steering- Boolean flag indicating whether power steering is available in the car or not.
is_driver_seat_height_adjustable- Boolean flag indicating whether the height of the driver seat is adjustable or not.
is_day_night_rear_view_mirror- Boolean flag indicating whether day & night rearview mirror is present in the car or not.
is_ecw- Boolean flag indicating whether Engine Check Warning (ECW) is available in the car or not.
is_speed_alert- Boolean flag indicating whether the speed alert system is available in the car or not.
ncap_rating- Safety rating given by NCAP (out of 5)
is_claim- Outcome: Boolean flag indicating whether the policyholder file a claim in the next 6 months or not.

Evaluation metric

The evaluation metric for this dataset would be the F1 score.